[Music]
cat Daisy and Jojo three women each with
a different idea about love if you
really loved me he'd wait but I guess if
I really loved him I'd marian's JoJo's
lost her head what's not uttered at the
Marian ask it's the age Daisy
lost her mind oh yeah
[Applause]
my car Boise this is Serena Windsor my
sister hi and cat just lost her heart we
talked we read we listened to Mozart
sometimes you really believe this 30
year old guy is gonna leave his wife to
live happily ever after with you you're
living in a romance no Jo you've got
built you can't link up phrasing all
I've got is this and these did you say
that word one will pay me I'm gonna
scream
Mary don't worry about me I'm slinging
pizza for the restaurant the back pay
stop mystic pizza help do you think
Leona really puts it on pizza it's love
with the works
you